.TH "ditz" "1" "0.5" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
ditz \- simple, light\-weight distributed issue tracker
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBditz\fR [ \fIoptions\fR ] \fIcommand\fR [ \fIarguments\fR ]

To list all available commands, use \fBditz help\fR.  To get help for a specific command, use \fBditz help
command\fR.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Ditz is a simple, light\-weight distributed issue tracker designed to work with
distributed version control systems like darcs and git. Ditz maintains an issue
database directory on disk, with files written in a line\-based and human\-
editable format. This directory is kept under version control alongside
project code. Changes in issue state is handled by version control like code
change: included as part of a commit, merged with changes from other
developers, conflict\-resolved in the standard manner, etc.

Ditz provides a simple, console\-based interface for creating and updating the
issue database files, and some rudimentary HTML generation capabilities for
producing world\-readable status pages. It offers no central public method of
bug submission.
.SH "AUTHOR"
ditz was written by William Morgan <\fIwmorgan\-ditz@masanjin.net\fR>.

This manpage was written for the Debian package of ditz by Christian Garbs
<\fIdebian@cgarbs.de\fR>.
.SH "LICENSE"
Copyright (c) 2008 William Morgan.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
